to iron you are still let me ask you
something how come when I call your
computer support line I have to wait an
hour and a half I told you any new
operators all the time can we
concentrate on my training it's just
hard when I know I have email I can't
get Monica on the table Hey Oh
so listen Ellen my friends were telling
me a little bit about this ultimate
fighting thing well it sounds really
dangerous I don't want you to get hurt
cuz I I kind of like you well believe me
I don't want to get hurt either I'm
being smart about this see these guys
the best trainers in the world and hochi
here used to be a paid assassin had to
commute a housepainter he used to be a
house painter promise me you'll be
careful
hey are we still on for tonight yeah
okay kids kids em well maybe we could
have a little workout of our own
no no boom-boom before a big fight
by just a boom hey Rach hey it's the
ultimate fighting combo yeah I saved 30
cents plus I get to keep the cup from
new york city new york appearing in his
Ultimate Fighting Championship debut
he's known for his confrontational
business style
ladies and gentlemen introducing
from Huntington Beach California he's a
street fighter
type
be huge don't worry how'd she taught me
to use an opponent's strengthen weight
against them well if that guy is in
serious serious trouble
all right you go get it let's go here we
go gentlemen here we go are you ready
let's in at all
you are terrible at this okay you are
the worst Ultimate Fighter ever ever you
know I have a torn rotator cuff a
hairline fracture on my right forearm
and a severely bruised Adam's apple but
that really hurt well then you know what
I care about you too much to watch you
hurt yourself like this so if you have
to do this then you're gonna have to do
it without me well if you're asking me
to quit then you're asking me to be
someone I'm not I've got to do this then
I've gotta go bye
my Monica yes can you leave a note cuz
I'm on a lot of painkillers now and I
don't know if I'll remember this
tomorrow
Pete Becker is circling the ring now
looks like he's just trying to feel him
out Oh
bruza is janja run you crazy rich freak
I can't watch this
check it out who's winning he's winning
oh-oh-oh bruza has Becker on the Candace
and is going for his favorite area Oh
that's his favorite area why is he being
so mean to it this is ironic of your
last two boyfriends Richard didn't want
to have kids and from the looks of it
now Pete can't
you